Update docs for RN SDK v5 (#6230)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/react-native/migration.mdx

---

## From 4.x to 5.x

The React Native SDK version 5 supports both Legacy (from RN 0.65 and above) and New Architecture (from RN 0.69 and above) as well as the new React Native Gradle Plugin (introduced in RN 0.71).

### Naming and behavior changes

Rename the following `Sentry.init` options:
- `enableAutoPerformanceTracking` to `enableAutoPerformanceTracing`
- `enableOutOfMemoryTracking` to `enableWatchdogTerminationTracking`
- `ReactNativeTracingOptions.idleTimeout` to `ReactNativeTracingOptions.idleTimeoutMs`
- `ReactNativeTracingOptions.maxTransactionDuration` to `ReactNativeTracingOptions.finalTimeoutMs`

If you are using `TouchEventBoundary` and `accessibilityLabel` set the following:
```javascript
Sentry.wrap(App, { touchEventBoundaryProps: { labelName: 'accessibilityLabel' } })
```

Current stack trace for `Sentry.captureMessage` has been moved from `event.exception` to `event.threads`.

Default `breadcrumb.level` is `info`, value `critical` has been removed and `log` is transformed to `debug` on iOS and Android.

Bundled `sentry-cli` version has been bumped to [v2.10.0](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-cli/releases/tag/2.10.0).

### iOS specific changes

> The following metadata are sync from `sentry-cocoa` to `react-native`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following metadata are synchronized from `sentry-cocoa` to `react-native`:
```

- `tags`
- `extra`
- `fingerprint`
- `level`
- `environment`
- `breadcrumbs`

> The synchronized `fingerprint` might affect grouping of issues in Sentry.

Reviewer: `l`: Is there any additional info we can provide? A link?

Author: We could add:

React Native `event.fingerprint` is merged with iOS `fingerprint` without duplicates with RN items being first in the order.

Reviewer: Yes that's good info IMO

`sentry-cocoa` has been bumped to v8.0.0, please follow the related migration [here](/platforms/apple/migration/#migrating-from-7x-to-8x).

> `sentry-wizard` doesn't patch iOS project for React Native 0.68 to 0.65. These have to be patched [manually](/platforms/react-native/manual-setup/manual-setup/#bundle-react-native-code-and-images).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`sentry-wizard` doesn't patch iOS projects for React Native 0.65 to 0.68. These versions have to be [patched manually](/platforms/react-native/manual-setup/manual-setup/#bundle-react-native-code-and-images).
```
